----
 layout: post
 title: Update Two
----
We're learning a lot in the course right now. I, honestly, never really understood how test driven development was supposed to work. I'd seen test driven development before when building web apps, but I've only ever had a loose understanding of why we should do test driven development. I'm really, really excited to be learning such practical skills that will be directly useful to me next year when I start working in Seattle. This past week I've started working on the project. I've been pretty slow and lazy about it. I really need to get on top of my assignments. I think once I start working, I'll have inertia on my side. I need to get my research responsibilities to Dr. Roux finished. If I do that early on in the week, I'll be clear to work on SWE. I need to learn this bioinformatics stuff to use on Longhorn and ask a few questions on Biostars, otherwise I'll be road blocking his research. Next week I'm going to create a schedule, so that I can appropriately budget out my time for the project and get everything finished. Despite the heavy workload, I'm really excited to be in SWE and in a class that will teach me real-world skills. It’s clear to me that my personal projects are not being developed with production level finesse, and this is something that I’ll need to learn how to do.

A funny thing happened in class this week: I'm a bit too quiet. Professor Downing called out my name and I responded but he didn't hear. I’m actually a bit petrified of being called on in class, so I’m rather glad he didn’t hear. 
